---
layout: page-fullwidth
title: "Carla"
subheadline: " "
meta_teaser: "Brief"
teaser: ""
header:
    image_fullwidth: sunsetDana.JPG
    caption: Sunset at the beach, Løkken
categories:
    - people
---
<!--more-->

<div class="row">
<div class="medium-4 medium-push-8 columns" markdown="1">
<div class="panel radius" markdown="1">
**Short Bio**
{: #toc }
*  TOC
{:toc}
</div>
</div><!-- /.medium-4.columns -->



<div class="medium-8 medium-pull-4 columns" markdown="1">



## Who am I?

I was born in Würzburg, Germany, where I am currently pursuing a master’s degree in biosciences. My first major, philosophy, sparked a deeper curiosity about how the world and its inhabitants operate, which led me to switch my major to biology. 
During my bachelor’s degree, I worked on projects in carnivorous plant evolution, plant pathogens, membrane biology, all-optical physiology and optogenetics in plants. 
My research eventually lead me to fungi, now the focus of my master’s thesis as well as my current work as a student researcher.
Outside the lab, I like to paint, read, play video games and lift weights. I work on a fantasy novel whenever I can.

## Research interests

I was always interested in fungi in particular. Their fruiting bodies, appearance ranging from beautiful to alien, and capability to inhabit virtually every environment while existing on the fringe between plant and animal have always fascinated me. The aim of my work is to further our understanding of this comparatively less researched life form and highlight their importance and functions in biotic interactions.
In my current role as a student researcher, I am investigating if and how climate change will affect fungal infections in humans on a global scale. My masters thesis focuses on optogenetics in fungi to better understand how they act as a plant pathogen.




    
## Links

Email address: [carla.schuh@stud-mail.uni-wuerzburg.de](mailto:carla.schuh@stud-mail.uni-wuerzburg.de)
